#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
affine==2.4.0
    # via
    #   datacube
    #   odc-algo
    #   odc-geo
    #   odc-stac
    #   rasterio
    #   rasterstats
aiobotocore[boto3]==2.23.0
    # via deafrica-tools
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.13
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   dask-gateway
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   gcsfs
aioitertools==0.12.0
    # via aiobotocore
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
alembic==1.16.2
    # via datacube
aniso8601==10.0.1
    # via flask-restx
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
antimeridian==0.4.1
    # via datacube
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==25.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.5
    # via jupyterlab
async-timeout==5.0.1
    # via aiohttp
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   datacube
    #   fiona
    #   jsonschema
    #   morecantile
    #   rasterio
    #   referencing
    #   rio-tiler
babel==2.17.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via nbconvert
bleach[css]==6.2.0
    # via nbconvert
blinker==1.9.0
    # via flask
bokeh==3.7.3
    # via dask
boto3==1.38.27
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   datacube
botocore==1.38.27
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   boto3
    #   datacube
    #   s3transfer
bottleneck==1.5.0
    # via datacube
branca==0.8.1
    # via
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   folium
    #   ipyleaflet
cachelib==0.13.0
    # via flask-caching
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via
    #   datacube
    #   google-auth
    #   odc-geo
    #   rio-tiler
certifi==2025.6.15
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   netcdf4
    #   pyogrio
    #   pyproj
    #   rasterio
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
cftime==1.6.4.post1
    # via netcdf4
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
ciso8601==2.3.2
    # via datacube
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   click-plugins
    #   cligj
    #   dask
    #   dask-gateway
    #   datacube
    #   distributed
    #   fiona
    #   flask
    #   localtileserver
    #   odc-dscache
    #   planetary-computer
    #   rasterio
    #   rasterstats
    #   rio-cogeo
    #   uvicorn
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   rasterio
cligj==0.7.2
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   rasterio
    #   rasterstats
cloudpickle==3.1.1
    # via
    #   dask
    #   dask-glm
    #   datacube
    #   distributed
color-operations==0.2.0
    # via rio-tiler
colorcet==3.1.0
    # via datashader
comm==0.2.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
contourpy==1.3.2
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
dask[array,complete,dataframe,diagnostics,distributed]==2025.5.1
    # via
    #   dask-gateway
    #   dask-glm
    #   dask-image
    #   dask-ml
    #   datacube
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   distributed
    #   odc-algo
    #   odc-loader
    #   odc-stac
dask-gateway==2025.4.0
    # via deafrica-tools
dask-glm==0.3.2
    # via dask-ml
dask-image==2024.5.3
    # via odc-algo
dask-ml==2025.1.0
    # via deafrica-tools
datacube[performance,s3]==1.9.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   odc-algo
    #   odc-dscache
    #   odc-ui
datashader==0.18.1
    # via -r requirements.in
deafrica-tools==2.5.8
    # via -r requirements.in
debugpy==1.8.14
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.2.1
    # via
    #   gcsfs
    #   ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
deprecat==2.1.3
    # via datacube
distributed==2025.5.1
    # via
    #   dask
    #   dask-gateway
    #   dask-glm
    #   dask-ml
    #   datacube
    #   odc-algo
exceptiongroup==1.3.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   ipython
executing==2.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.21.1
    # via nbformat
fiona==1.10.1
    # via
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   rasterstats
flask==3.1.1
    # via
    #   flask-caching
    #   flask-cors
    #   flask-restx
    #   localtileserver
flask-caching==2.3.1
    # via localtileserver
flask-cors==6.0.1
    # via localtileserver
flask-restx==1.3.0
    # via localtileserver
folium==0.19.7
    # via deafrica-tools
fonttools==4.58.4
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
frozenlist==1.7.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2025.5.1
    # via
    #   dask
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   gcsfs
gcsfs==2025.5.1
    # via deafrica-tools
gdal==3.8.4
    # via deafrica-tools
geoalchemy2==0.17.1
    # via datacube
geographiclib==2.0
    # via geopy
geojson==3.2.0
    # via deafrica-tools
geopandas==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   deafrica-tools
geopy==2.4.1
    # via deafrica-tools
google-api-core==2.25.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth==2.40.3
    # via
    #   gcsfs
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth-oauthlib==1.2.2
    # via gcsfs
google-cloud-core==2.4.3
    # via google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-storage==3.1.0
    # via gcsfs
google-crc32c==1.7.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.7.2
    # via google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.70.0
    # via google-api-core
greenlet==3.2.3
    # via sqlalchemy
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
hdstats==0.2.1
    # via deafrica-tools
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   rio-tiler
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
    #   yarl
imageio==2.37.0
    # via
    #   pims
    #   scikit-image
importlib-metadata==8.7.0
    # via dask
importlib-resources==6.5.2
    # via flask-restx
ipykernel==6.29.5
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
ipyleaflet==0.20.0
    # via
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   odc-ui
ipython==8.37.0
    # via
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-ui-poll
    #   odc-ui
ipywidgets==8.1.7
    # via
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   ipyleaflet
    #   jupyter
    #   odc-ui
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via flask
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   branca
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   flask
    #   folium
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
joblib==1.5.1
    # via
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   scikit-learn
json5==0.12.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.24.0
    # via
    #   datacube
    #   flask-restx
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
    #   pystac
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.8.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-events==0.12.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-leaflet==0.20.0
    # via ipyleaflet
jupyter-lsp==2.2.5
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.16.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-ui-poll==1.0.0
    # via odc-ui
jupyterlab==4.4.3
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.27.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.15
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.8
    # via matplotlib
lark==1.2.2
    # via datacube
lazy-loader==0.4
    # via scikit-image
llvmlite==0.44.0
    # via numba
lmdb==1.6.2
    # via odc-dscache
localtileserver==0.10.3
    # via deafrica-tools
locket==1.0.0
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   partd
lxml==5.4.0
    # via
    #   owslib
    #   pytmd
    #   timescale
lz4==4.4.4
    # via dask
mako==1.3.10
    # via alembic
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   flask
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   nbconvert
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.10.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   odc-ui
    #   seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==3.1.3
    # via nbconvert
morecantile==5.4.2
    # via
    #   rio-cogeo
    #   rio-tiler
msgpack==1.1.1
    # via distributed
multidict==6.4.4
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multipledispatch==1.0.0
    # via
    #   dask-glm
    #   dask-ml
    #   datashader
narwhals==1.43.0
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   plotly
nbclient==0.10.2
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.6
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
netcdf4==1.7.2
    # via pytmd
networkx==3.4.2
    # via scikit-image
notebook==7.4.3
    # via jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numba==0.61.2
    # via
    #   dask-ml
    #   datashader
    #   sparse
numexpr==2.11.0
    # via
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   odc-algo
    #   rio-tiler
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   antimeridian
    #   bokeh
    #   bottleneck
    #   cftime
    #   color-operations
    #   contourpy
    #   dask
    #   dask-image
    #   dask-ml
    #   datacube
    #   datashader
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   folium
    #   geopandas
    #   hdstats
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   netcdf4
    #   numba
    #   numexpr
    #   odc-algo
    #   odc-geo
    #   odc-loader
    #   odc-stac
    #   odc-ui
    #   pandas
    #   pims
    #   pyogrio
    #   pytmd
    #   rasterio
    #   rasterstats
    #   richdem
    #   rio-tiler
    #   rioxarray
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   shapely
    #   sparse
    #   tifffile
    #   timescale
    #   xarray
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
odc-algo==0.2.3
    # via
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   odc-ui
odc-dscache==1.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
odc-geo==0.4.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datacube
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   odc-dscache
    #   odc-loader
    #   odc-stac
odc-loader==0.5.1
    # via odc-stac
odc-stac==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
odc-ui==0.2.1
    # via deafrica-tools
overrides==7.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
owslib==0.34.0
    # via deafrica-tools
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   dask
    #   dask-ml
    #   datacube
    #   datashader
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   distributed
    #   geoalchemy2
    #   geopandas
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   lazy-loader
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   pims
    #   planetary-computer
    #   plotly
    #   pyogrio
    #   rioxarray
    #   scikit-image
    #   setuptools-scm
    #   xarray
pandas==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bokeh
    #   dask
    #   dask-image
    #   dask-ml
    #   datacube
    #   datashader
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   geopandas
    #   odc-dscache
    #   odc-stac
    #   odc-ui
    #   seaborn
    #   xarray
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
param==2.2.1
    # via
    #   datashader
    #   pyct
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
partd==1.4.2
    # via dask
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pillow==11.2.1
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   scikit-image
pims==0.7
    # via dask-image
planetary-computer==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
platformdirs==4.3.8
    # via jupyter-core
plotly==6.1.2
    # via deafrica-tools
prometheus-client==0.22.1
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.51
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
propcache==0.3.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via google-api-core
protobuf==6.31.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   proto-plus
psutil==7.0.0
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   ipykernel
psycopg2==2.9.10
    # via odc-dscache
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pyarrow==20.0.0
    # via dask
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via google-auth
pybind11==2.13.6
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pyct==0.5.0
    # via datashader
pydantic==2.11.7
    # via
    #   morecantile
    #   planetary-computer
    #   rio-cogeo
    #   rio-tiler
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
pyogrio==0.11.0
    # via geopandas
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   rasterio
pyproj==3.7.1
    # via
    #   datacube
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   geopandas
    #   morecantile
    #   odc-geo
    #   pytmd
    #   rioxarray
pystac[validation]==1.13.0
    # via
    #   odc-stac
    #   planetary-computer
    #   pystac-client
    #   rio-tiler
pystac-client==0.8.6
    # via
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   planetary-computer
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   arrow
    #   botocore
    #   datacube
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   owslib
    #   pandas
    #   pystac
    #   pystac-client
    #   pytmd
    #   timescale
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via planetary-computer
python-json-logger==3.3.0
    # via jupyter-events
pytmd==2.2.4
    # via deafrica-tools
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   flask-restx
    #   pandas
    #   planetary-computer
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   dask
    #   dask-gateway
    #   datacube
    #   distributed
    #   jupyter-events
    #   owslib
pyzmq==27.0.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
rasterio==1.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datacube
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   odc-algo
    #   odc-loader
    #   odc-stac
    #   odc-ui
    #   rasterstats
    #   rio-cogeo
    #   rio-tiler
    #   rioxarray
rasterstats==0.20.0
    # via deafrica-tools
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   datashader
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   folium
    #   gcsfs
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   localtileserver
    #   owslib
    #   planetary-computer
    #   pystac-client
    #   requests-oauthlib
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
richdem @ git+https://github.com/jessjaco/richdem.git@import-fix#subdirectory=wrappers/pyrichdem
    # via -r requirements.in
rio-cogeo==5.4.1
    # via localtileserver
rio-tiler==6.7.0
    # via
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   localtileserver
rioxarray==0.19.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   deafrica-tools
rpds-py==0.25.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9.1
    # via google-auth
ruamel-yaml==0.18.14
    # via datacube
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.12
    # via ruamel-yaml
s3transfer==0.13.0
    # via boto3
scikit-image==0.25.2
    # via
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   odc-algo
scikit-learn==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dask-glm
    #   dask-ml
    #   deafrica-tools
scipy==1.15.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dask-glm
    #   dask-image
    #   dask-ml
    #   datashader
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   hdstats
    #   pytmd
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   timescale
scooby==0.10.1
    # via
    #   localtileserver
    #   server-thread
seaborn==0.13.2
    # via deafrica-tools
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via jupyter-server
server-thread==0.3.0
    # via localtileserver
setuptools-scm==8.3.1
    # via
    #   pytmd
    #   timescale
shapely==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   antimeridian
    #   datacube
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   geopandas
    #   odc-geo
    #   rasterstats
simplejson==3.20.1
    # via rasterstats
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
slicerator==1.1.0
    # via pims
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via distributed
soupsieve==2.7
    # via beautifulsoup4
sparse==0.17.0
    # via dask-glm
sqlalchemy==2.0.41
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   datacube
    #   geoalchemy2
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
tblib==3.1.0
    # via distributed
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
tifffile==2025.5.10
    # via
    #   dask-image
    #   pims
    #   scikit-image
timescale==0.0.8
    # via
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   pytmd
tinycss2==1.4.0
    # via bleach
tomli==2.2.1
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   jupyterlab
    #   setuptools-scm
toolz==1.0.0
    # via
    #   dask
    #   datacube
    #   datashader
    #   distributed
    #   odc-algo
    #   odc-dscache
    #   odc-stac
    #   partd
tornado==6.5.1
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   dask-gateway
    #   distributed
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   deafrica-tools
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   traittypes
traittypes==0.2.1
    # via ipyleaflet
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20250516
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.14.0
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   anyio
    #   async-lru
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   exceptiongroup
    #   ipython
    #   mistune
    #   multidict
    #   odc-stac
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   referencing
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspection
    #   uvicorn
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via pydantic
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   distributed
    #   requests
uvicorn==0.34.3
    # via server-thread
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==24.11.1
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via jupyter-server
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via
    #   flask
    #   flask-cors
    #   flask-restx
    #   localtileserver
    #   server-thread
widgetsnbextension==4.0.14
    # via ipywidgets
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   deprecat
xarray==2025.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datacube
    #   datashader
    #   deafrica-tools
    #   odc-algo
    #   odc-loader
    #   odc-stac
    #   odc-ui
    #   rioxarray
xyzservices==2025.4.0
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   folium
    #   ipyleaflet
yarl==1.20.1
    # via aiohttp
zict==3.0.0
    # via distributed
zipp==3.23.0
    # via importlib-metadata
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via odc-dscache

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
